Session 6
=========

**Session Date:** 21 Feb 2026

# Character Key

| Shorthand | Name   | Class    |  Species    |
| --------- | ------ | -------- | ----------- |
|     X     | Klaxon | Fighter  | Aarakocra   |
|     E     | Eryn   | Cleric   | Dwarf       |
|     A     | Artyn  | Sorcerer | Human       |
|     M     | Melody | Psionic  | Deep Gnome  |
|     K     | Kefira | Dancer   | Fire Genasi |
|     C     | Chester | Warlock   | 'Harbor Water Green' Dragonborn |

# Notes

- we level up to 6!
    - yup definitely supposed to be level 6
    - nothing sus here no sir no reason to examine the notes in greater detail or question them any further
    - in other news Klaxon...becomes mayor of BMire...and releases all birds from the Bellmire Zoo?
- Tommy joins the chat!
- let's play a game of Tommy guess who
    - Klaxon → Ed (correct!)
    - Kefira → Ashley (correct!)
    - Eryn → Jake (correct!)
    - Art → Linda (no! streak broken!)
    - Melody → Brandi (process of elimination fails!)
    - Tommy was confused, Melody needs to be reigned in a lot!
    - that is def Linda
- Chester (Tommy)
    - 'harbor water green' dragonborn warlock
    - with...secrets
    - casual business apparel + briefcase
    - this bro fancy
- previously on Dragon Ball Z
    - Art (already an old man) aged 10 more years
        - Art is now officially old as shit y'all
        - BMire's life expectancy is like 45 so oof
    - Chester was on that grindset
    - we had just won the illegal street race
        - we bought the place that Nat found us with our winnings
        - place is a row home near the Rat Scratch Fever
    - also a giant purple tear opened in the sky at the end of the race
    - and a pumpkin came down, stole paddywagon, went back through tear
    - just another day in BMire
- Nat suggests that we lay low for a bit (1-2 weeks)
    - Art can drink again!
- (downtime passes here)
    - we can roleplay out some of the downtime after this session
    - (spoiler alert: we do not do this)
- Nat comes around
    - loves to read serials
    - there is often a coastal episode
    - so in today's episode: we gon' downy ocean hon'!
- Nat points us to the BMire festival center
    - real big event
    - many tents and smells and sounds
    - currently a Cryptid fest is going on (inspired by the big tear)
- we decide to do art, eat food, chillax for a bit
- Kefira wants to cosplay for the fest
- Art is hitting his bucket list now that he's old as shit
    - since he's gonna die soon
- Klaxon is not interested in cosplaying
    - he is already giant chicken
- Chester is running a booth
    - on that grindset
    - "it's a great opportunity!"
    - "networking and such!"
- we head to the fest
- people are dressed up for a variety of cryptids
    - Sallygaster
    - Susquatch
    - Jellyfish (Eryn is very spooked by this)
    - Moth Woman
- the crypids all have their own fans and booths and cliques and such
- we encounter a businessman green dragonborn
    - Melody: does he sell insurance? (laughter)
- Chester: ah hello group, people! let me tell you all about the greatest being in all the dimensions!
- we are intrigued
- Chester attempts to be suave
- presents the group an image of a plesiosaur
    - "Chessy"
- Melody and Kefira realize they have def seen a person in a Chessy hat at this fest
- Klaxon: where was this picture taken??
- Chester: 30 years ago in the fantasy Chesapeake
- Melody: how does chessy like the trashwheel?
    - Chester: hmm...well...how do YOU feel about mr trashwheel??
- halfling announcements!
    - we need to vote which cryptid is the local fav
- Chester: this whole cryptid thing is very...will they, won't they
    - God: yes but Chessy is def real!
- Kefira: this little pic is unimpressive
- Chester: but wait, there's more!
    - hands us some business cards
- Kefira: wait Chester are you Chessy?
- Klaxon: and what exactly are your intentions with Chessy?
    - Chester: I've been promised an incredible opportunity
    - Chester: i will get to gain some of her power all I have to do is sell more hats
    - how many hats have you sold so far?
    - Chester: I've sold 2 hats in the last 3 years!
- Klaxon: how much are your hats?
    - Chester: I never get asked that question!
    - Klaxon: I would like to acquire a hat
    - we stitch together like 4 hats to fit on Klaxon's head
    - sold
- what about buttons? magnets? stickers? koozies?
    - Chester: (write that down WRITE THAT DOWN)
    - Chester: there uhh on backorder
- Chester: look guys, if you can help me win this contest, I can get this merch to you in like 3 months
    - we are all very excited about this
- Chester: oh also I already have some of Chessy's power
    - makes a small eldritch beam blast from his hands
    - group is collectively impressed
- Chester: I can also give you some backup if you need
    - Klaxon: how okay are you with crime?
    - Chester: I don't mind as long as I can climb that corporate ladder
- wait....Chessy lives in the water...
    - Art: have you ever seen Chessy, Eryn?
    - no, Eryn is skeptical
    - Eryn: ***no, ze sea is ze sea, zere is no...'Chessy'***
    - Eryn: but mermaids and sirens are obvs real
- Chester: approaches Eryn
    - look Eryn...
    - I don't need you to become a patron, nor anyone else for that matter
    - I just need to pay some rent
- Klaxon: wait hold on, you can disappear and reappear?
    - Chester vanishes into a puddle and reappears behind the booth
    - Melody yelps and jumps into Art's arms
    - God: roll strength
    - Art is real old, strength is low, drops Melody
- Melody: oh we could sublet Chester some space...
    - group: no we cannot become the villain!
- so how do we help Chester/Chessy??
    - well there will be a contest later tonight, won by applause
    - seems good if Chessy were to win this
- Kefira: we need some razzle dazzle to win the contest
    - Chester: ('razzle dazzle'? write that down WRITE THAT DOWN!)
- `razzle dazzle option 1`
    - Klaxon: can we bribe the audience with alcohol?
    - God: rules unclear
    - a real Air Bud situation
- `razzle dazzle option 2`
    - Art: we can paint Klaxon!
    - Klaxon: no, we cannot 'paint' Klaxon
    - Kefira also Klaxon is sky, not water
    - Art: we could paint me!
- God: roll perception
    - Melody rolls a gotdamn 23
    - only Melody overhears some folks discussing sallygaster
    - "I hear she's not even real, I hear she's a human!"
    - Melody: Snallygaster is a human!
- Chester: drat, sallygaster again!
- correction Chessy and Sallygaster, who even is *'Snallygaster'*?
    - Melody: uh it's a...mead festival...
    - Chester: ('mead festival'? write that down WRITE THAT DOWN!)
- `razzle dazzle option 3`
    - what about stuff? people like stuff
    - we would need a lot more Chessy swag
    - Kefira: can we get some better art for Chessy, cuz this one pic ain't it!
- `razzle dazzle option 4`
    - how about an underdog play!
    - we could make Chessy the friendly option
    - and maybe make the competition see bad...?
- `razzle dazzle option 4.a`
    - Melody: Art can you dress up like Sallygaster and harass some people?
    - what is Sallygaster exactly?
    - God: Sallygaster is an evil figure that haunts the woods
    - Art: oh I could kill some people
    - group: too much too much
    - Art: fine, singe only
- Chester:
    - likes the merch (option `3`)
    - like a sad story play (option `4`)
    - also sorta likes the sallygaster smear campaign (option `4.a`)
- Melody: how many people can I hit in a 30 foot cone?
- Chester opens up his shirt and a serpent slithers out
    - this is his familiar
    - Kefira: this can be our Chessy!
    - small serpent chirps!
    - correction, this will be our Chessy *Jr*
- Art could also make ChessyJr bigger
    - could be useful if needed
- how do we beat the other cryptids exactly?
    - there will a set of cryptid plays later
    - winner will be chosen by applause
    - best play wins the fest for their cryptid and gets a prize
- plan is a performance with two goals
    - make Chessy look great
    - make competition look not great
- Art and Klaxon go out to do some spying on the sallygaster folks
    - we overhear people discussing susquatch
    - there is large bet that the susquatch will win the contest
    - like a 700 GP bet!
- who is this susquatch?
    - large hairy humanoid creatures
    - very paranoid, very sus of all things
- we get approached by some Jellyfish supporters
    - they offer free beer to vote for the Jelly
    - dammit that was our plan!
- Eryn: fuck you jellyfish people
    - JF ppls: become sad
    - Eryn: oh no! sorry! as a man of ***ze sea*** I have unintentional biases against jellyfish!
- Eryn: are there any independents in the crowd?
    - God: yes, most of them remain non-committal about their vote
- Art: also have we heard any stories about the pumpkin king since the whole 'purple tear in the sky' incident?
    - yes! ppl were both scared and interested
    - this is why they wanted a cryptid festival
- Chester: are we near any visible body of water?
    - God: yes, near the bay
    - creates an image of a fin rippling through the water
    - makes people get the impression of Chessy in the air
- Chester rolls good
    - very impressive to some in the jelly crowd
    - Klaxon (loudly): chessy? who's THAT?
    - a crowd starts to gather
- Chester does a mini presentation to set the Chessy narrative
    - Chester rolls a 23 and sells 7 more hats!
- are there any posters to vandalize?
    - no, just some fan art and such
- it's currently around noon
- when do we want to do our performance?
- we decide right now
    - we will use the convention center building as our stage
    - Kefira will be chased by some 'real' cryptids
    - Klaxon will be moth woman
    - Eryn will be big susquatch (w/ enlargening from Art)
    - Art will be sallygaster and will ambush
- Chester: can I put some finishing touches on your costume?
    - sprinkles some dust on Art's shoulders that immediately turns to trash
- Chester will control Chessy Jr
- Melody will cast fear on the crowd
- Chester will cast calm emotions on the crowd afterwards
- Kefira will gussy up ChessyJr for his Chessy part
    - "you gonna look so good babe!"
    - Kefira does not roll good animal handling
    - ChessyJr not a fan of the gussying
    - ChessyJr ends up not looking so good babe
- we make our way to the building

LET THE PERFORMANCE BEGIN!

### ***Chessy the Savior*** Playbill:
    Kefira.. ...................a terrified BMire resident
    Melody......................a terrifying presence
    Eryn........................the Susquatch
    Artyn.......................the Snallygaster
    Klaxon......................the Mothwoman
    Chester & Chessy Jr.........the Chessy

- Kefira: how can I make my entrance?
    - ...abruptly?
    - Kefira bursts out to the crowd
- Eryn: am I enlarged?
- Art: consider yourself enlarged
- Eryn sprints after Kefira, stopping in the crowd briefly
    - looks around, paranoid
    - guttural scream: dlkajqwehfoisadfhalkD!
- first perf rolls
    - Kefira: 23, Eryn: 18
    - getting off to a great start!
- Kefira makes her way down the stairs
- Eryn channels his inner susquatch and chases
- Art's up now
    - must hide in amongst the crowd to ambush Kefira
    - God: a stealth check first
    - nat 1!
    - God: *giggles*
- Art thinks he's hidden, but is like, really not
    - boy his vision is really going
    - thinks he's well hidden though
    - thankfully Art gets a bit lost in the commotion of the chase
- Klaxon is up
    - flies in from the rafters and lands amongst the group and continues pursuit
    - rolls a 19, perf successful!
- all eyes on us
- Melody casts fear!
    - 30 ft cone
    - catches 84 ppl
    - oh they spooked now
- Chester and ChessyJr are up
    - ChessyJr needs to save the day!
    - Chester to ChessyJr: you show em buddy, this is your first perf, you'll do great
- Chester creates a throne of water for ChessyJr to ride along while Chester runs ahead
    - Kefira's crap costuming and the water throne effect cancel each other out
- Chester's roll is...bad
    - Art can bend luck!
    - Melody can guide!
    - ...but what if it's a nat 1?
- commence plan...D?
    - Eryn casts heavy fog to blind people
    - Kefira creates a fire and controls flame to create a shape of something 'chessy-ish'
- Chester's nat 1 causes him to (literally) choke
    - walks into the floating water throne and begins to drown
    - takes 1d4 of damage
- Chester cannot understand what is happening with this plan
- Melody can still calm emotions!
    - casts
    - works on 67 people
- Chester manages a saving a roll and doesn't drown!
    - breaks free of the throne's grasp and starts his Chessy speech
    - rolls a 22!
- fog dissipates as Chester gives his speech
    - reveals ChessyJr in all his glory!
- ChessyJr eldritch blasts Eryn and Art
    - Art for 5 points
    - Eryn for 11!! (oopsie)
- ChessyJr then aims for Klaxon and fires again
    - for ANOTHER 11 points of damage!
- Eryn, Art, and Klaxon flee the scene
- Chester dismisses his familiar in a Maryland-flag-shaped mist
- the crowd is very impressed
- we all regroup at Chester's tent
    - Chester apologizes for flubbing the his performance
    - "nah we all good"
    - Chester is surprisingly down with fire, dismemberment, and tom foolery
- there is a large crowd outside the tent
    - God did not plan for any of this
    - why did we chose to do our play-like performance as an entirely separate thing in the middle of the day??
    - there was a perfectly good show that was meant for this!
- sooo...we win festival?
    - I think we win festival
    - but the prize for the show (which we didn't do) was stolen!
    - Kefira swears she saw the moth woman backstage
- Kefira to Klaxon: were you backstage!?
    - Klaxon: I was not
    - Kefira wants to pat Klaxon down
    - Klaxon unhappy, does not want, eventually relents
    - Kefira finds nothing
    - no further leads on the theft
- well on the upside we did get Chester a lot more sales!
- we all head back to the Rat Scratch Fever to relax
- while at the RSF, another Aarakocra walks in, drawing attention
    - hands Klaxon a note and whispers something to him, then leaves
- everyone like, WTF Klaxon?
    - Klaxon (like a super cool badass): we have some work to do
- we stay at level 6

### Final Death Count: 0
### Final Incapacitation Count: 0
### Final Enemies Made Count: 0
### Final Eryns Enlarged: at least 1
