Session 3
=========

**Session Date:** 23 Aug 2025

# Character Key

| Shorthand | Name   | Class    |  Species    |
| --------- | ------ | -------- | ----------- |
|     X     | Klaxon | Fighter  | Aarakocra   |
|     E     | Eryn   | Cleric   | Dwarf       |
|     A     | Artyn  | Sorcerer | Human       |
|     M     | Melody | Psionic  | Deep Gnome  | 
|     K     | Kefira | Dancer   | Fire Genasi |

# Notes

- back in the sewer, face-to-face with a super crab
    - fun fact: the 'face' of a crab is the 'cephalothorax'!
- a ripple in time! the initiative order wiggles
    - Eryn, Kefira, Klaxon, Melody, Art is first now
- Eryn takes a swing with his crab mallet
    - it glances off the crab's armor (which apparently they make with detritis and such from the sewer)
- Kefira lands a dirty 20 fireball right in between the crabs eye...stalks?
    - fun fact: the area between a crab's eyes is the 'rostrum'!
    - crab is blushing now
    - 'notice me senpai'
- Klaxon takes two big swings and chops off one of the crabs claws
    - boy howdy that would probably steam up good
    - but like, would you want to eat a bay crab *in the bay*?
- crab real mad at Klaxon, Klaxon is snipped and grappled by the crab
- Melody casts Id Insinuation
    - "...unleash a torrent of conflicting desires in the mind of one creature..."
    - must make a wisdom saving throw
- God: "incredible news about the wisdom of crabs y'all"
    - save is 15, carb got 4
    - this crab has some very conflicted emotions

(see brandi's notes)

- we enter a room with a giant cistern
    - the cistern is real real deep
- could Klaxon fly/fall down there?
    - yeah possibly but like no that's a bad idea right?
    - yeah no Klaxon has had enough of the underground
- let's go back to the bar
- we head on back to the sewer ladder entrance
    - Klaxon heads out first cuz he is not about the underground
    - order is Klaxon, Art, Kefira, Eryn, M
- greeted by the 3 of Bellmire's PoPo
- Klaxon, Art, and Kefira all emerge from the hole
- cop: Kevin Plank has restricted this area, why were you all tresspassing in the sewers?
- Klaxon: I'm um the seeing eye bird for the old man
    - cops sort of buy it
    - but it doesn't really do anything
- Art follows, really playing up the 'old blind man' thing
    - Art: whats goin on here? what are we doing?
    - Kefira: grandpa we gotta get you back to the home!
- Melody (thinking): can I cast the hideous laughter spell??
    - oh please no
- cop: anyone else down there Klaxon?
- Eryn gets out of the hole
- Klaxon: nope nope that's everyone
- cop: alrighty then
    - kicks the manhole cover over the sewer
- cop goes to arrest K
    - Kefira spills her money all over the ground
    - "oh whoopsie how clumsy"
    - cop: looks like evidence to me, and takes the gold
- Eryn: this is STFU friday everyone, remember
- Art: why are you handcuffing an old blind man??
    - cop: look I'm just a guy
- Kefira: hey cop dude wait a minute don't I know you!?
    - aren't you married? I've seen you at my club before
- cop (gerald, married to julia): oh yeah, wtf were you doing in the sewer?
    - Kefira: we were just trying to help out our grandpa who fell down the sewer!
    - cop/gerald: hm sounds like antifa to me
- Klaxon: I'm an ambassador of the Arakocra people, do you know who youre arresting??
    - cops do not care
- Eryn: arested without incident
    - knows better than to fight against the bmire cops
- Art to Klaxon: leave a trail of feathers for Melody to follow!
- we are all arrested, start be led away
    - they lead us to a paddywagon
- Melody pops out the manhole and starts to follow
    - she *does* have advantage on stealth checks
- cops: 'did you hear that'?
    - they draw their swords
    - two start approaching M
- Melody casts blur
    - no wait...nondetection!
        - no wait, that is useless here...blur instead!
            - basically the cops can't see you real good
- Melody casts charm on lead/Fonzie (who is not searching for her)
    - its a wisdom saving throw
    - God: "wonderful news about the wisdom of cops everyone"
    - omg it succeeds
- Fonzie cop is with us
    - other two cops are searching for M
- Melody wants to look like Kevin Plank
    - God: seems legit
- Melody disguises, and starts berating the charmed cop
    - 'do you know who I am??? what are you doing to my grandfather and his seeing eye bird'
- cops are all like, but mr plank sir you told us to watch the sewers
- the cops obey, but nat 1 on a decption check for Melody leaves the guards sus
- we get uncuffed and scuttle away
- we head back to the bar!
    - Melody undisguises
- ain't no body in the bar
    - no wait actually, it's zoomy o-clock
    - Kit and BoBo are behind the bar, and it is...not going well
- also what is this bar's name?
    - must have cat and rat reference
    - Eryn: 'Rat Scratch Fever'
- this place is a real mess cuz the staff is a bunch of doofus cats
- head to meet Nat upstairs
- Nat gives Art a cure disease
- Nat let's us crash in a room in her bar

### Final Death Count: 1 super crab
### Final Incapacitation Count: 0
### Final Deceived PoPo Count: 3
