Session 4
=========

**Session Date:** 27 Sep 2025

# Character Key

| Shorthand | Name   | Class    |  Species    |
| --------- | ------ | -------- | ----------- |
|     X     | Klaxon | Fighter  | Aarakocra   |
|     E     | Eryn   | Cleric   | Dwarf       |
|     A     | Artyn  | Sorcerer | Human       |
|     M     | Melody | Psionic  | Deep Gnome  | 
|     K     | Kefira | Dancer   | Fire Genasi |

# Notes

- K can shoot fire now
- we have returned to the bar and have slept off the adventure
- we are all clean and ready for our next adventure
- we are split into boys/girls rooms
    - A, E, X
    - K, M
- E is first to rise
    - a bit hungover from yesterday
    - where the fantasy acetaminephen at?
- E finds behind the mirror some red mushroom caps
    - there is an autism warning on those though
- X to E: you know those cause autism right?
    - E: no need to where a rain coat when you're already wet my guy
- M awakes next
    - lookin for food or coffee
    - 17 INV roll, finds snackies and coffee
- the party is summoned by the smell of coffee
- so like are all the bartenders asleep in little cat beds here?
    - G: yes, but in their homes
- the bar is a total mess
- y'all what are we doing for like housing?
    - M: we could live at the observatory
    - X: it is empty....
- K: we need MONEY Aurther
    - we all agree money is good
- maybe we can check the job boards about town?
    - y'all we are REAL bad at looking for work
    - well, except for M
- there is a job hiring deck hands for a night
    - big boat with a swariee in a few nights
    - no payment details listed
    - but they point us down towards the docks
- we head to where the Stargazer is docked
    - real big, real old ship
    - the rich folk like to party on it sometimes
    - but it is mostly a historical piece used to educate the public
- A: are the docks on the laylines?
    - G: ah that is a good question
    - (checks notes) umm no...they are nearby but not on it
- M: before we leave I'm grabbing a bottle of whiskey and disguising herself as a pirate
    - to look more seaworthy!
- we head on down to the docks to me the grubby looking captain
    - Cap: 'Aye, what brings ye down here?'
    - E: 'Yar me harty, we be here because of the flyer'
- K wants to know if this boat was used for pirating
    - G: yeah sure fuck it (was used for privateering)
- E does an investigation check on the boat
    - rolls a 6, don't know shit
    - M casts guidance
    - now it's a 9 so...better?
- ship has a short service life, no real distinguishments
    - uses this knowledge to impress? the cap
- Cap: yar I can have you, the pirate, the dancer, and bartender but we have no need for the bird
    - X: how's about some arial protection?
    - C: we have no need for it
- A: tries casting suggestion
    - "you will let the bird on the boat, and give us all the money you have"
    - doens't work, this Cap is apparently pretty wise
- well X can fly above the boat and shit
- there will be about 50 guests and 25 staff
- M this rate seem not very good for that work
- K: "10 gold each if the bird can come aboard"
    - it works
    - C: thank god one of you know the idea of basic investigation
    - K offers handshake
    - C offers hug
    - K: what was your name?
    - C: "Captian Ripkin" -> "you can call me Cap Ripkin"
- E gets advantage for boat checks
- we gonna hit the shops y'all
    - "Ripkens Believe it or Not" -> the face of Cap Ripkin on the front
- K needs a scimtar
    - finds two, one normal, one just meh
    - K: uses an admirer's favor of a heartlocket ++ old dagger to acquire the sick schimitar (+1 to hit, +1 DMG)
- M wants to look for a magnet and string
    - G: string is free, just need to find the magnet
    - M rolls a 23, finds a powerful magnet that we can dump a spellslot to make it a supermagnet
- done with shopping
- we meet near the latest attraction in Bellmire, a giant spinning wheel that slowly collects trash from the water
    - through sophistacted illusory magic googly eyes have been afixed to the front of the wheel's housing

INTERMISSION

- back at it
- the boat has 3 levels
- Cap R gives us a quick tour of the boat
- the cannons are loaded up with fireworks for later in the evening
- where do we set up
    - E: do we have like, jobs?
    - A is gonna need a runner for the supplies
    - probably gonna be M
    - X is gonna be posted up on the top of the ship for some free air
- the (small) journey begins
    - perf roll from K -> 14
    - solid performance, does a fire kick and shit
- E: "WOW THAT'S THE COOLEST THING I'VE EVER SEEN"
    - perf check to convience these rich folks -> rolls a 19!
    - other folks chuck in 8 gold (rich folks can't be shown up)
    - drops a gold in the thing K has set up for tips
- E then goes to A, takes a drink of whatever is lying around
    - "WOW THAT'S THE BEST DRINK I'VE EVER HAD"
- M gets a 5 on the strength check to carry a big ol ice block up to A
    - A has disadvantage on bartending -> rolls a 10
    - drinks are mid
- M overhears some whispers among the crew
    - "there's a VIP on the boat named Pete D'Angelis(?)"
    - M telepathies that info to A and then telephones it to errbody else
- A, E, M know that Pater Angeles runs in the same crowds as Kevin Plank
- how do we figure out who this guy is?
    - A starts checking for IDs spontaneously
    - "I'm a forgetful old man, I don't care if I already served you!"
    - A eventually locates a pompus ass looking elf with an entourage that is Pater
- A gives him an extra splash of rum in his drink and winks
    - how does PA take this?
    - 

### Final Death Count: 
### Final Incapacitation Count: 0
