Session 7
=========

**Session Date:** 02 May 2026

# Character Key

| Shorthand | Name   | Class    |  Species    |
| --------- | ------ | -------- | ----------- |
|     X     | Klaxon | Fighter  | Aarakocra   |
|     E     | Eryn   | Cleric   | Dwarf       |
|     A     | Artyn  | Sorcerer | Human       |
|     M     | Melody | Psionic  | Deep Gnome  |
|     K     | Kefira | Dancer   | Fire Genasi |
|     C     | Chester | Warlock   | 'Harbor Water Green' Dragonborn |

# Notes

- Melody is out sick!
    - too drunk from the festivities
- "The Gang Steals an Election"
- we back from the cryptid convention
- X has some super secret news
- there are 3 candidates running for mayor of Bellmire
    - pamphlets going up, shit getting busy
    - Takeezy Roschel-Becks (elf, mayor before, indited for seelling counterfiet scrolls)
    - Shalara Darrel (reverse robin hood, stole from the poor, gave to the rich)
    - Arock Talons ()
- ppl either take this race very seriously, others see four clowns running
- X has been enlisted to push the canidecy of the Arakocra
    - we have many versions of what we could do
    - C: hats go a long way for canidecy
- X: lays out these details
    - Nat thinks the bird sounds good
- current mayor is Brandon Scott who is not gonna get re-elected
- we should meet this new bird
- K does anyone have thaumaturgy?
    - what kind of brid is this new candidate?
    - suspicously clean pigeon
- we find a ralley for Aarock (with the pigeon head)
    - Aarock Talons is Eric Adams for the Bellmire
    - "Bellmire is the Arie Mountains of the west coast"
    - "Our values are the backbone of the economy"
- E: I support Zorhan Dom Mommy
- X: could we make this a pro-Chessy platform
- A: wait, women are allowed to vote?
- K: what si the suffrage situation in bmire
    - G: uhh
    - G: we definitely need that
- E: I'm gonna shoot a fire ball right by his ear
- G: C roll a history check
    - there are several loggged flights about Arock traveling across the world
- the Areia mountatians are NOT an ethno state
    - Arock def moving to the golon heights after this
    - Arock Talons is actually a Kanku
    - just a parrot
- why do the Aarockora wnat a point of opwer in BMire?
    - G: that's for me to know
- this dude ain't got know security
- AA is a short bird

- X is gonnan be the running mate!
    - Chessy is better though
- X to C: you got chessy jr?
- C 'births ChessyJr out of his chest'
- C ahs CJr take on a stern look

- AT takes a long time loudly eating a hotdog
- CJr tries to dab up AT
    - rolls a 6
    - CJr makes AR faceplant

- AT: C that prestidigitation is a neat trick, you'd make a great running candidate
- C gives AT a history of Chessy
    - invisible entity, but wants to be discovered

- E to A: I'd like to be a higher entity right now

- C rolls a 23 for deception and convinces AT to take on Chessy
- plan goes well

- A: when is the election?
    - G: well last time the deadlines didn't fucking matter!

- what are the other candidates polling at?
    - 39% or something, AT only got 2%
    - C is excited about 2%

- K: everyone loves an underdog story...or in this case an underbird
    - K: so what if the other two candidates....
    - X and E (simultaneously): ...died?
    - DEATH HIGH FIVE
    - K: no...but arrested?
    - but how to get them arrested?

- A: I like the idea of kidnapping....it's not murder...

- K what are the biggest issues in Bmire right now?
    - nat 20
    - official polls are all about mayor shit
    - but in reality its eating and not getting beat down by cops

- A to X: how much money does AT have
    - X: well he ain't give me nothing
    - G roll perception
    - you all notice a bunch of money from when AT fell over during the dab
    - we get 50 GP for the party in a potatoe chip bag

- C to A: so...your old right?
    - A: near death son
    - C: you've seen a lot of elections, was there anything that helped a candidate win
    - A: god
    - damn that old man is right we need the church

- could we have a 3-way fight b/w the candidats
    - G: is a 3-way fight a polyarmory?
    - K: only if someone gets pregnant
    - G: ah, the best kind of fight

- E: could we just lie ot the people?
    - E: theyd prob still just vote the way we tell them
    - K: are you calling the peole of Bmire stoopid?
    - E: yes

- damn yall we really need Melody for this one y'all!

- Shalona Del Rae and Tazeekie

- K: should we do kooping?
    - check wikipedia yall
    - bribe with drinking or beat maybe?

- these are all great, democratic ideas yall
    - this is democracy manifest
    - "arrested for a meal?? a succulent hip hop cheicken meal??"

- solgan?: GO BIRDS!

- wait E has zone of truth!
- A: what about a plan to bring the other candidates to a swaree of sorts
    - we get the candidates drunk and fucked up and to resign their candidacy
    - idea is to get one to resign to AT
    - then the other one to give a speech and speak some terrible truths
- E: does anyone have minor illusion?
    - C: I has
    - E: can you make the building big but small and bad but good?
    - everybody: what?

- A: gets the church to donate some time to help rehabilitate teh burned out warehours
    - roll good!
    - success
    - gets some clean up under the pretense of making it a new church of grey

- K: throw up some drapery on kk

(X's meeitng with AT, gets 100 GP)
    - actually 150 GP
    - this allows us to hire some folks for the wiat staff and such
    - also gives us some insight into ongoing events at the party

- E gonna go out there to pound the pavement and convince some people
    - roll a 10
    - does some good door knocking, not much but up 2% to 4%
    - a 100% increase
    - cuases C to...secrete things from his chest

- C tries to get some celeb endorsemenet
    - searchs out Mike Eel Felps
    - this is a Kuo-toa fish person
    - former famous swimmer and now a spokesman for a major weed brand
    - C: swimming is the...backbone...of....Bellmire...
    - rolls an 8
    - but wait we has money!
    - allows a re-roll for 50GP
    - re-roll is a 19!
    - *gross bong fish lips sounds*
    - MEF: everybody knows Bellmire is the backbone of the Aierie mountains
    - gets other 2% in the polls!
    - C: ...oh my

- K: but like...*can* we build a trap door though
    - A: with spikes??
    - A wants to kill somebody real bad

- poll numbers are 47, 47, 6

- plan is
    - use zone of truth on Shawna Del Rae (the reverse robin hood)
    - get Tazeeke to recind the election through suggestion

- A is the bartender
- K is the entertainment
- E and X are bouncers
- C is the MC for the event and Chessy's brand manager

THE EVENT BEGINS

- everything starts off alright
- AT isn't present but no one really noticies

- K is entertaining the crowd in the meantime
- outfit is slightly AT-themed
- rolls a 11
- is a very good performance, but K knows she could do better

- C kicks off the event
- C: they say politicans are the talons of Bellmire, but we know they are the backbone
- C: we also know that Bellmire desvers better than them
- rolls an 18 on perofrmance
- crowd is receptive and politiely laughs at all the jokes

- A is creating some special drinks for the candidates
- tries to slip in some of that good good
    - rolls 15 for medicine
- both candidates are now more fucked up then they meant to get

- E is going through the crowd to try to find any dissenters and talk them down
- perception (was good) + intimidation (was not too good)
- able to clock several poeple in on that side

- X tries to plant some drugs on the supporters
- does not go well
- G: *giggles*
- "let's hear it for law enforcement"
- results in a net gain for Shalara

- now is the time for zone of truth!
    - E is up!
    - E comes in from outside and joins the crowd and casts
    - rolls a 13 but not good enough!
- mid-speech she starts saying her true feelings about her supporters
    - very polarizing, splits the crowd about 50/50

- A goes to give the other candidate antoher drink and makes a suggestion
    - go up on stage, renouce your candidecy, support AT, and praise chessy
    - this works!
    - but now wild magic!
    - A turns a vibrant shade of blue until cure curse
    - so yeah A isi gonna be blue the rest of the campaign

- this announcement really riles the crowd up
- C approaches to calm shit down
- roll a 17 against a 14 DC
- people not gonna be calmed down

- K tries to calm the crowd with a small performance
- will be with disadvantage
- does not go well
- a brawl begins amonst all the people here

- at this exact moment, AT walks through the door
- C pretidigitaes an angelic halo effect
- E gets some sound effects for the

- AT sizes up the situation
- "people people please...violence is the backbone of our great city"
- X rushes to bodyguard AT

- C goes up to tell Shaboozy that we have a panic room!
    - (it's actually the trap door)
    - cool cool she's trapped now

- K makes the riot ground difficult terrain
- and uses gust to blast the drapes down from the rafters to land over the crowd
- everyone notices what happens (except klaxon who gets real sleepy)
- someone fires off a fire spell almost immediately and lights the tapestry on fire
- thank god E can create water and K/C can control it
- but...C has to roll to ensure he isn't drowning
- rolls a 2!
- almost drowns, but not quite

- use thaumaturgy to announce the fire and get people to leave

- spend 30-60 minutes to put out the fire and evacuate the people

- thank god that's over
- but actually the riot has continued throughout BMire
