Session 2
=========

**Session Date:** 28 Jun 2025

# Character Key

| Shorthand | Name   | Class    |  Species    |
| --------- | ------ | -------- | ----------- |
|     X     | Klaxon | Fighter  | Aarakocra   |
|     E     | Eryn   | Cleric   | Dwarf       |
|     A     | Artyn  | Sorcerer | Human       |
|     M     | Melody | Psionic  | Deep Gnome  |
|     K     | Kefira | Dancer   | Fire Genasi |

# Notes

- so we have lost the notebook with all the plans...
    - but the show must go on!
- after 'The Gang's First Big Day Out' (TM)
- we wake up in the dilapadated ass observatory
    - Melody finds a few non-moldy books
    - Spacecat has been squatting here some time
- but everything is great...but Spacecat is only cool with this for a day
- X is the first to rise
    - but he doesn't wake everyone up you BUNCH OF RACISTS
- X wants to take a look around the observatory
    - same on the outside, is gross
- there is an askew fence that X finds
    - this askew-ness bothers him greatly
    - must correct
    - finds big rock, hits fence
    - meh...mostly back in place
- M is up next and...cleaning??
    - 'cleanliness is next to godliness'
    - M finds a book that is actually in okay condition
    - ...but she can't read it, is written in Bmire-eese
    - seems very neat and orderly...potentially not by a hand (automated)
- M has many questions....IDENTIFY!
    - FUCK YOU! this was not planned
    - well it was written with a prestidigitation (mage hand) spell
    - it appears to be written in Abysal
    - appears to be a spell tome of some kind...but of what, unknown
- E is up next, rising early with the sea
    - everyone is still a RACIST!
    - to the kitchen...I mean um the gally!
    - there is a side closet in the observatory that SC has been using for a kitchen
    - this is where SC seldom prepares food
    - find some coffee, wine, moldy bread, and...a white box
    - OMG SC GOT KRISPY KREME WEEDNUTS
    - until Eryn's next short rest, -1 on all phys atts, +1 on all mental
    - he did find some coffee though
- A awakes to the smell of weednuts
    - (he casts sleep on hisself)
    - E is like the weednuts are for us!
    - A takes one as well (same effects for A now)...ITS MEDICINAL!
        - probably double chocolate?
    - A is like, how did we get here....maaan?
    - A: I lit shit on fire and...then I was here?
    - E & M: yeah pretty much
- K awakes
    - there are some Bmire benches in the back that are meant for stargazing
    - does some early morning yoga
    - K's thoughts are a bit muddled at this point
- wait...where is SC
    - M: HERE KITTY KITTY KITTY
    - A: should we take another weednut?
    - M checks the under the carpet, the closets, etc.
- X checks the roof
    - poops on the telescope lense
    - does not see SC anywhere outside
- there is no obvious indicator of where SC went
- E how's about we go to the KK?
    - M to E: do they have crullers??
    - E: ***ah qui, zey have le crullers***
- we go to the KK
    - the nut-tender
    - E: ***duoe french cruller's por favor***
    - X: do you know where...one would buy...the good good?
    - the nut-tender is like, please get out
- M: sergeant birdy, can you read this book
    - X: ...no
    - M: general birdy?
    - X: still no
    - K: can speak primordial, nothing useful but is funny
- M: can I investigate for the demon things?
    - rolls for investigation (23)
    - Sasha: no
    - rolls for perception (21)
    - Sasha: fine, there is a bar called Hell's Kitchen
- M: bangs on the door, enters
    - there's like two dudes
    - M: hey hi can you reads this book?
    - M misgenders the bartender and they are like please GTFO
    - X walks in and is like omg I'm so sorry do you know who speaks abyssal?
    - the workers are like huh?
    - X is like alright its time to leave
    - M: **casts friends!**
    - X: no no no no grabs M and pulls her from the bar
    - M: shoots a rat with the friend spell, new rat friend
- we arrive at the bar
    - X: very meoldic knock, but nothing happens
    - E/K: can we like, look in the window?
    - E: high-as-a-kite checks the window, sees a group of people hundled over a table
    - they are looking at...something
    - no SC, but there is someone that we recognize from the bar
- E: the building is made of stone!
    - E is a gnome and knows his stone real good
    - there should be fire codes and shit and so should be a back entrance
- to the back, but the door is also locked
    - but this door is not as dangerously visible as the front door
    - K tries to jimmy it w/ her dagger
    - K is able to pop it open
- A is also a bartender...and might be able to sneak inside
    - we start developing a plan to sneak in super good like
    - then the employees come through and are like, you know we heard you knock earlier right?
    - ... just come in!
- A walks in first
    - Natalia asks A, what are you looking for
    - should we keep up the ruse?
    - A: naw they definetly heard our whole plan
    - M: friends! .... no!
    - they are guarded but not hostile....
    - A: we are looking for SC but also you got any more weednuts?
    - N: no idea where SC is
    - A: y'all heard about that KP?
    - N: yes we must kill him
    - (all of us): yes we must
    - N: come it
- we look over the papers
    - there is one large map with laylines detailed
    - the lines extend from the city center outwards
    - M: are they lookin for the goo?
    - yeah that's what it looks like
- N: would love to talk, but theres an emergency...
    - there are several other people missing
- who's all in this bar?
    - well there's Bobo and Milly and Kit and Bailey...
- N: the missing people are focused in several specific areas
    - the homeless folks are going missing
    - been growing as a problem, centered in one location
- the bar is full on indoor cats
    - do we go to the town center or the Dundalk
    - alright let's go to Dundalk hon
- we talk for a long time about about John Waters
    - Natalia is so through with us at this point
    - A: y'all know anything about this Dundalk?
    - N: naw
    - Dundalk smells like an asshole intentionally
- M: any of y'all know about the End War?
    - no, this seems like something your dad lied to you about
- off to Dundalk!
    - smells like ass, as predicted
    - there are people, but they are all inside
    - M investigates, finds a little blood trail
    - we follows it, we find a grove of Dundalk
    - but the other end is a manhole
    - we open it and M jumps in
        - four points of fall damage
    - X really does not like this underground business but heads down
- IS IT POO OR GOO?
    - poo, it's poo
- everyone but A has darkvision
    - but like light is good regardless
- we investigate and pick the blood trail back up
- intermission (let's all go to the lobby)
- we come in the neck
- enter a big round room
    - we look up!
    - this place is very dank (no not in a fun way)
    - we loose the blood trail in this room
- M really wants to smell and taste the blood
    - no no please do not this omg
- let's check out these feet doors
    - the right-side door is wedged
    - the left-side door is more sturdy, but is also rusted shut
- we go through the butt to reveal an F
    - there is a shit shaft
    - E: ***ah...le poop deck***
    - M runs ahead and examines the poop deck
- K goes to check the door
    - it locked
- alrighty well we go back to the middle of the F
    - there's another door, this time it is unlocked!
    - there are three deomnic masks that are...well hung
    - M tries to grab one but K is like hell naw
    - actually, you know what, sure let her do it
    - nothing happens
    - we grab the rest of the masks and the key on the ground
- do we burn the the wooden baracade?
    - no, explosion bad, also smoke bad
- M tries to shove E through the barricade
    - the unstoppable force meets the immovable object
- actually, let's go back and use the key on the poo door
    - it opens!
- how do we enter the room
    - order is EXKAM
- E runs into a crab people!
    - we debate the init order a bit
    - the crab is leaking black goo!
    - these crabs is still blue though babyyyy
- E is sprayed with some posion acid goop
- M runs though everyone and gives E some healy
- K to X: duck! (lol)
    - K hits the crab for some points
- E takes out his crab mallet and whacks it real good
- carb is dead now
- 3 more demon masks here
- blood all over the floor of this chamber
- these masks are just as cool as the current masks but in a different way
    - M wants the other mask
    - goes to grab, but oh no booby trap!
    - gets posion hole, takes 3 damage
    - E is like, maybe we don't touch all the creepy things here, and heals M
- the booby trapped mask 'splodes
    - so now we got 5 masks total
- we continue through the hallway
    - there is antoher poop deck
    - there is also an open wooden door
    - K carefully opens it cuz we don't want to be hit by more booby (lol) traps
- looong hallway
    - cast fireball to see down the hallway
    - accidentally lights the baracade on fire
    - quick kill it with stomp
    - stomp is very effective
- we continue down the long hallway
    - yet another poop deck
- we try some more doors leading north, but they are rusted shut
    - we have no loob for the rust
    - E tries to slam open the door, nat 1, only damages himself
- A tries the poop drains
    - are they buttons?
    - no they just drain poop
- K and X both try to shoulder check the left side of the glasses and it opens easily
    - look E just slipped on some poo okay?
- theres a rat in here!
    - E is le tired, he take a nap
    - these rats are...very creepy...
    - they have bibs??
- K gonna produce some flame and make a rat omlette
    - misses, these is some agile rats
- X takes a swing at the rat that thinks he's the alpha rat but definitely isn't
    - misses the first swipe, but lands the second, and decapatates Fonzie rat
- A uses inate sorcery and casts a big ol cone of fire (throws hands)
    - this ends worse than anticipated
    - kills a few rats, but also sets the masks in this room on fire
- there are like, a lot of rats
- they attack us
    - K dodges easily
    - X and A are bit, and A is blinded now!?!
- M wants to make friends again
    - but these are some SMART f-ing rats
    - M makes friends with Skipper, who climbs up on M's shoulder
    - (we gonna need to kill Skipper eventually)
- we are not making a dent in these rats

### Final Death Count: 1 blue crab + 1 Fonzie rat + a few other rats
### Final Incapacitation Count: 0
