Session 5
=========

**Session Date:** 08 Nov 2025

# Character Key

| Shorthand | Name   | Class    |  Species    |
| --------- | ------ | -------- | ----------- |
|     X     | Klaxon | Fighter  | Aarakocra   |
|     E     | Eryn   | Cleric   | Dwarf       |
|     A     | Artyn  | Sorcerer | Human       |
|     M     | Melody | Psionic  | Deep Gnome  | 
|     K     | Kefira | Dancer   | Fire Genasi |

# Notes

- we level up to 5
- when we last left the group, they had blown up a boat and posioned a man
    - the posioned dude is fine btw
    - we are now on a SC's boat
- why was SC on a boat?
    - returning from a side quest
    - the boat's name is...flexible
    - there are many signs with many names and flags
- SC changes boat name from Zig Zag to Colt45
    - boat docks
    - SC let's us stay on the weed couches for a bit
- M has 4 bottles of whiskey
    - so we can sleep anywhere
- should we head back to the Rat Scratch Fever bar?
- (shot intermission)
    - cookie dough whiskey is apparently very good
    - G: this is gonna be a fun one
- M is on the front part of the boat...the bow?
    - yeah the Titanic part
    - hold up, Ashley's never seen the Titanic y'all
    - time is needed to process this
- we long rest on the weed couches
- we wake up, and SC brings us a dozen KK donoughts
- SC brings Nat with him
- SC: hey, we've been talking, we might have a place for you to crash
    - it's an old row home
    - but...it's 1200gp
    - we do not has this many golds
- group: can we lower the property value with crime?
    - we discuss many possible crimes
- SC knows a guy in the underground carriage racing scene
    - SC can get us a carriage from the meat man
    - A: how are these fantasy carriages...powered?? (magic of course)
    - there are a few different ways for folks to participate, but for us it makes sense 
- Noman-Style Boys also race in this race
    - these are the Bellmire 12-oclock boys
- we elect E as the driver of this carriage
    - ***ze waves, ze dust, zey are ze same***
- we got some questions
    - ppl die all the time in this race
    - it's a circuit race
    - done in the middle of the night
    - the cops sometimes try to intervene, but sometimes they also...participate?
    - classic Bellmire
    - what are the prize winnings?
        - prob enough to cover a wagon in addition to the house
- also um what condition are we supposed to return the carriage in?
    - SC hands us a big blue gem, this is supposed to get us the cart from the meat man
    - SC may have stolen this gem from meat dude...
    - meat bro hates SC sooo probably not happy regardless of carriage condition
- we go lookin for the meat man
    - we find a likely candidate
    - meat man comes out of the cart cursing
    - his fridge carriage is broken (probably because of that whole 'stolen blue gem' thing)
    - A notes that he was trying to cast ray of frost
- MM: can I help you friend?
    - A: you missin any blue gems?
    - MM: excuse me?
    - E: I'll have your finest KP steak please
    - MM: how about this instead
        - returns with rump steaks with a hastily scrawled 'T' on it
    - X: do you have a name
    - MM: I did once; I used to be Big Bill Hell
    - M: we need to borrow your cart in exchange for a big blue gem
    - we, as always, are fantastic at negotiation
    - E: good sir big meat man, we will take your truck and install this freezer gem to keep your meats cold
    - E holds out the gem
    - G: roll a reflex
    - MM: wacks the gem up from E and grabs it; that's my feezer gem, where did you get this?!?
    - M: casts hypnotize and the party...is cool with it
    - MM is not very wise, he fails
    - we decide it's just easier to steal the cart
- we leave MM in a stupor on the ground
    - A: can I pick his pockets?
    - this remains unaswered
- we have committed grand-theft-carriage and gained one enemy (Big Bell Hell)
- we drop the wagon supplies off at the Rat Scratch
    - this thing is an Oregon-Trail-style covered carriage
- A inspects the carriage and everything is in good working order
    - almost like it was someone's sole mean's of production...
- we decorate with:
    - fuzzy dice (+1 cool)
    - and truck nuts (-1 cool)
- we start to supe-up this meat wagon
- M goes looking for supplies in the market
- M wants mounted machine guns
    - G: roll for it
    - finds some enchanted red shells
    - have advantage on hitting
    - spend 10 gold, 8 gold left
- K looks for something to throw out of the back of the cart
    - rolls a 19!
    - finds two empty kegs; fills with water
- X looks for iron spikes to attach to the wheels
    - rolls...poorly
    - finds a banana peel with a cigarette with it instead
- E wants to focus on defense
    - hmm propbably a good idea
    - rolls a 14, spends all day gathering scrap metal for some shielding
- Brandi: can I find any solid rocket boosters?
    - A: I mean um...a funnel that I can shoot magic fire through?
    - M helps with this, manages to find the cone of shame for cats 
    - ...is this...SC's?
    - can be used for a one-time boost during the race
- M: how about zombies? can I find some zombies to attach to this thing?
    - G: you can try
    - M: rolls an 18
    - G: no
- our wagon
    - some sheet metal armour
    - one bear trap
    - barrels of water
    - 3 red shells
    - one-time use cone-of-shame for a boost
    - one banana peel with a cigarette
- our team name for the race: "High Steaks"
    - our logo is some aliens hotboxing their UFO while abducting a cow
    - we paint this on the side of the cart
    - SC *did* say vibes were a big part of the race

(drinking intermission)

- night falls, we show up to the race starting position
- A takes a look around to sus out the competition
    - there are some Noman-Style boys
    - some poorly disguised paddy wagons in this race too
        - occupants look like literal pigs
    - one of these poorly covered paddy wagons looks extra fast
        - they are loading weapons into the back of their wagon
    - some of the Noman boys are pretty dripped out
- some 'brushy boys' approach and start brushing our horses
    - X has an interaction with the brushy boys
    - throws them a gold, complements them on their work, asks them who to look out for
    - "the pigs, they will try to kill you"
    - we get a +1 to horse speed for the brushing
- G: remember, there are no rules once the race starts
- G: roll perception
    - errybody but X rolls well
- errybody but X noticies a shimmer approaching the rear left wheel
    - M: can I kick it?
    - G: yes you can
    - shimmer: 'ow'
    - M prevents sabatoge
- A is about to try to convince these cop horses to...go somewhere else
    - or rather, to get sleepy
    - command sent successfully, but how it is iterpreted by the horses is not yet known
    - also this is wild magic
    - A is now surrounded by faint bardic rendition of 'Highway To The Danger Zone'
- we receive a starting penalty for...some reason?
    - we prob deserved it
- race starts!
    - prestidigitation colored orbs go red, yellow, green
    - there is a gnome lackey trying to block our path 
    - we go around the lackey cuz the race has started so there are no rules!
    - currently in last place
- one of the Noman Boys horses has a bard playing music
- we roll for init
    - there are two Noman boys near us, one on either side
- M charms the horse guy on the right
- X tries to whack dude on the left with the flat of his scimitar
    - nat 20
    - whacks the shit out of the guy and he lands in a pile of garbage with a pillow on top
    - he'll be fine
- charmed guy's turn
    - M tells him to take a swing at the closest guy to him
    - my guy rolls a nat 1
    - tries to take out the low-rider wagon next to him
    - falls off his own horse instead
- there is black goo leaking out from the sewers!
    - it's pushing out from the manhole covers!
- E rolls for animal handling
    - tries to dodge the goo coming out of the 
    - some lands on the side
    - E: we're takin goo on the port side!
- A has to roll on the wild magic table again
    - A has to roll confusion against himself
    - A manages to pass his own attack, remains un-confused
- one of the riders goes and fires a hand crossbow at E
    - doesn't do shit to our tank
- K's turn
    - tries to gust this guy off of his horse
    - this guy has a plus zero to strength
    - this guy rolls a nat 1
    - he goes flying off of the wagon
    - he hits the cobblestones hard
    - the wagon veers off and crashes, but the horses are fine
- more Noman Boys
    - one tries to take out our wheel
    - barely makes it past the wheel DC
    - takes a couple spokes off our left front wheel
- A is up
    - A: 'I don't like that No Man Boy'
    - A tries to cast reduce on his horse
    - it works!
    - wild magic table: A is sober for the next 10 days!
    - A is sad
- M's turn
    - paddywagon pulls up on the right
    - M hit them with Tasha's hideous laughter
- X wants to fly ahead and cause a pile up
    - 21 for DEX
    - manages to cause a pile up!
- now it's the...BLACK GOO'S TURN??
    - WHAT DOES THAT GOO DO??
    - goo rolls on the wild magic table
    - we are on fire!
- obstacles ahead of our wagon
    - E rolls, dodges it successfully
    - manages to set someone else's wagon on fire!
- currently near 12th place
- K deploys a water barrel
    - puts out the fire on the wagon
- A's turn
    - manages to partially mend our busted wheel
- E needs to dodge a parked wagon in the middle of the street
    - E misses an animal handling chack
    - we lose a wheel
- X still airborne, sweeps down on a paddywagon
    - managed to cut a pig in half
    - collides with paddywagon during attack though, take 8 damage
- M tries to charm one of th wagons
    - they roll a nat 20
- A deploys the cone of shame booster
    - A casts burning hands and the booster works
    - we shoot into 4th place!
    - wild magic: A gets 10 years older
    - A: I might die soon
- the pigs have set up a blockade
    - E rolls, successfully navigates around
- X throws a shell at the first place dude
    - it...doesn't really do anything
- K throws a barrel up to X
    - the throw is good, but the catch...not so much
    - it DOES manage to take out a paddy wagon behind us though
- we advance to 3rd place
- A's turn
    - casts suggestion on one of the wagon close to us
    - "veer into the other paddy wagon"
    - the collision works
- leaves just us and the heavily armed paddy wagon next to us
- there is a lot more black goo coming out of the pot hole now
    - we all get chills
    - a purple tear opens in the sky
    - an enormous pumpkin king comes down and EATS THE FUCKING PADDY WAGON
    - pumpkin king leaves, the tear remains
- we get the finish line but no one notices because of the gigantic tear in the sky
- we get first though!
    - 1400gp
    - 150gp to fix the wagon cuz we're nice
    - but, we want the art to remain on the side of the wagon
- so we now have a place to stay and 50gp between the party

### Final Death Count: 0
### Final Incapacitation Count: 1 probably
### Final Enemies Made Count: 1 (Big Bell Hell)
### Final Whiskey Shot Count: innumerable
